Fix: Improve report quality for extension / CLI runs (#372)
nextflow-io/nf-co2footprint: docs/usage/extension.md

    }
    ```

!!! info

>     All workflow metadata in the report is derived from the trace file and therefore may not match a HTML report that is created via an integrated plugin run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In CLI/extension post-run mode, workflow metadata is reconstructed using the trace file (e.g., start/end time, duration) and synthetic/runtime values (e.g., run name, command line), and may differ from reports generated during an integrated plugin run.
```

More clear to user like that
